Update Readme.md (#1)
bobmoretti/dcs-tetrad: Readme.md

**You will need to modify the dll and lua paths to match the location where you extracted the build zip file. 
(Important to not miss any \ or the path will be interepreted incorrectly)**

```lua
dll_path = [[C:\projects\dcs_tetrad\target\release\]]  -> Location of Folder that contains `dcs_tetrad.dll` as per Step 1 of the Installation Guide
lua_path = [[C:\projects\dcs_tetrad\lua\]] -> Location of Folder that contains `hook.lua` as per Step 1 of the Installation Guide
debug = true 
enable_object_log = false -> Object Log will log (Location,Vector, Name, etc) of all objects on the server and results in very large files. 
```

## Export
Once installation and configuration is complete. DCS Tetrad logger will run automatically upon mission start and will present a live grapher with data. 

Upon mission completion Tetrad will export at `Saved Games\DCS.openbeta_server\Logs\Tetrad`. Tetard will export a Log File and CSV files in `Saved Games\DCS.openbeta_server\Logs\Tetrad\frames` and `Saved Games\DCS.openbeta_server\Logs\Tetrad\objects` (Objects CSV will only be logged if enable_object_log is set to True in the configuration file).

> Note: The CSV files are compressed using .zstd format. To decompress .zstd files you must use programs simillar to: https://github.com/mcmilk/7-Zip-zstd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The CSV files are compressed using .zstd format. Unfortunately, the popular 7zip app on windows does not support this fomat. However, you can use a fork of 7zip with zstd support: https://github.com/mcmilk/7-Zip-zstd.

```

> **Interpreting Raw Data**
> The frame excels will export the following variables:
> 1. t_game: Ingame Frame Time (Note: The time is added to the last frame time with each tick)
> 2. t_real: Real Frame Time (Note: The time is added to the last frame time with each tick)
> 3. units: Number of Units Simulated by the Server during the tick
> 4. ballistics: Number of Ballistic Objects (Missiles, Gun Rounds, Bombs, etc) simulated by the server during the tick.
> 5. SYS_CPU, SYS_WALL, PROC_CPU are WIN32 CPU Performacne Metrics 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Interpreting Raw Data**
The frame excels will export the following variables:
1. `t_game`: cumulative elapsed in-game simulation time (Note: the time is added to the last frame time with each tick)
2. `t_real`: cumulative elapsed real world time (Note: the time is added to the last frame time with each tick)
3. `units`: Number of Units Simulated by the Server during the tick
4. `ballistics`: Number of Ballistic Objects (Missiles, Gun Rounds, Bombs, etc) simulated by the server during the tick.
5. SYS_CPU, SYS_WALL, PROC_CPU are WIN32 CPU Performacne Metrics 

```
